index.md, before:

---
layout: default  # This applies a default Jekyll layout. Customize as needed.
title: Clue2Solve Open Source Projects
---

# Welcome to Clue2Solve Open Source Projects

## About Clue2Solve
At Clue2solve, the motto is to build better developer experience. In mission I have the tremendous pleasure to collaborate with some of the great friends I have made during my technology Journey over years. 

You can look for Developer tools, Libraries, Cloud Automation tooling and even some Cloud Strategy related information here at Clue2Solve. 

[More to come soon]
## Our Open Source Projects
Here you'll find a list of our open-source projects.

### [Pinecone Unnofficial Java Client](pinecone-java-client.md)
The Pinecone Java Client is an unofficial Java library for interacting with PineconeDB, a vector database ideal for building vector search applications. This client library facilitates operations such as fetching index statistics, querying, and performing upsert and delete operations in PineconeDB.

### [Project Name 2](link-to-project-2)
Short description of Project 2.

... (continue for other projects)

## Contributing
Information on how to contribute to these projects.

Commit message:

added some more info about bedrock starter

index.md, after:

---
layout: default  # This applies a default Jekyll layout. Customize as needed.
title: Clue2Solve Open Source Projects
---

# Welcome to Clue2Solve Open Source Projects

## About Clue2Solve
At Clue2solve, the motto is to build better developer experience. In mission I have the tremendous pleasure to collaborate with some of the great friends I have made during my technology Journey over years. 

You can look for Developer tools, Libraries, Cloud Automation tooling and even some Cloud Strategy related information here at Clue2Solve. 

[More to come soon]
## Our Open Source Projects
Here you'll find a list of our open-source projects.

### [Pinecone Unofficial Java Client](pinecone-java-client.md)
The Pinecone Java Client is an unofficial Java library for interacting with PineconeDB, a vector database ideal for building vector search applications. This client library facilitates operations such as fetching index statistics, querying, and performing upsert and delete operations in PineconeDB.

- Project Home
- Project JavaDocs
- Project Core Contributors ( the Github Repo will always have the full list)

### [Spring Cloud Bedrock Starer](spring-cloud-bedrock-starter.md)
Lets make the developer experience for Spring and Java developers to use AWS bedrock simple and fun. 

- Project Home
- Project JavaDocs 
- Project Core Contributors ( the Github Repo will always have the full list)


## Contributing
Information on how to contribute to these projects.
